Datele de contact sunt contra cost. Detalii
aici: https://www.rabota.md/ro/prices/cv

QA Automation Python
Despre mine
40 ani
Masculin
Chișinău

Preferințe
Full-time

Limbi
Română · Fluent
Rusă · Fluent
Engleză · Mediu
Ucraineană · Comunicare

Permis de conducere

I am a dedicated professional passionate about software quality,
with extensive manual testing and beginner-level automated
testing experience.
Throughout my manual testing experience, I have effectively
used development tools and testing instruments to identify and
resolve errors, managed error tracking in Jira, assigned tasks,
and monitored project progress.
I am proficient in Postman for API testing and understand clientserver architecture and data transfer methods. My knowledge of
HTML, CSS, and SQL enables me to analyze UI elements and
execute database queries. I am experienced in GIT for version
control and writing API specifications in YAML for Swagger.
In automation testing, I use Python for scripting, with experience
in frontend testing with Selenium and backend automation with
the Requests library. My initial knowledge of Docker and GitHub
Actions helps me set up automated testing environments and
CI/CD pipelines.
My goal is to enhance my automation testing skills to become
proficient in this field.

Experiența profesională

Categoria: A, B
Cu automobil personal

QA Manual += Automation · Development Aid
Septembrie 2023 - Prezent · 1 an 1 lună
Performing manual tests for both front-end and backend to
ensure product quality. Generating bug reports and actively
contributing to product quality improvement.
I touched a bit on Automating of interface tests using Python and
Selenium. Developing API specifications in YAML for Swagger and
automating the API with the requests library.

QA Manual · Romark Code
Februarie 2022 - Iulie 2024 · 2 ani 5 luni
I helped familiarize the team with the work of the quality test
engineer and the collective role in improving product quality. In
addition, I actively participated in team and client meetings.
Similarly, we conducted product testing using checklists and test
cases we created, promptly documenting issues identified in bug
reports and ensuring proper functionality. All these efforts aimed
to finally deliver a high quality product.
Pagina 1 din 2

QA Manual · Paynet
Mai 2021 - Februarie 2022 · 10 luni
Testing and error documentation of web and mobile applications.
Project management and collaboration with product owners.
Creating documentation about the developed and tested
product.

Expert criminalist · Centrul tehnico-criminalistic și
expertize judiciare
Septembrie 2007 - Martie 2016 · 8 ani 6 luni
Carrying out forensic expertise in the field of:
- phallus in documents (documents, stamp impressions)
- dactyloscopy (papillary fingerprint examination)
- traceology (objects, shoe traces, etc.)

Studii: Superioare
Academia "Stefan cel Mare si Sfint"
Absolvit în: 2007
Facultatea: Jurisprudenta
Specialitatea: Expert criminalist

Cursuri, training-uri
Quality Assurance
Absolvit în 2021
Organizator: Skill UP, Ukraine
https://www.sololearn.com/en/profile/26482729
Absolvit în 2023
Organizator: Sololearn
Automation course using Python and Selenium
Absolvit în 2023
Organizator: Stepik
API Test Automation in Python
Absolvit în 2023
Organizator: Udemy
Добрый, добрый Python с Сергеем Балакиревым
Absolvit în 2024
Organizator: https://stepik.org/cert/2493089

CV disponibil pe adresa: https://cahul.rabota.md/ru/resume/it/293818

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

Pagina 2 din 2

