E

Datele de contact sunt contra cost. Detalii
aici: https://www.rabota.md/ro/prices/cv

Front-end developer
Despre mine

31 ani
Masculin

Creative. Stylistics, ideas, web-design concepts that have been
accepted.
Problem-Solving. Brainstorming, issuing ideas to solve a
problem.

Chișinău

Experiența profesională
Preferințe
Part-time

Front-end Developer / UX Engineer · Avigo /
Bizoutsource

Flexibil

Iunie 2017 - Iunie 2023 · 6 ani 1 lună

Hibrid (Oficiu/Acasă)

- Develop user‑facing features using front end technologies such
as HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Vue (basic principles)

Full-time

Remote
În locația angajatorului

Limbi

- Create HTML email templates for marketing campaigns,
newsletters, and transactional emails
- Implement responsive design principles to ensure applications
work well across various devices and screen sizes

Rusă · Fluent

- Implement structured data markup (such as LD+JSONB to
enhance search engine visibility and improve organic search
performance.(SEO)

Engleză · Elementar

- Optimize web pages for maximum speed and scalability.

Română · Fluent

Permis de conducere
Categoria: B

- Ensure cross‑browser and cross‑device compatibility by writing
clean,efficient, and responsive code.
- Stay up‑to‑date with the latest trends and best practices in
front end development.
- Participate in Agile development processes, including sprint
planning, daily stand ups, and sprint reviews.
- Using Git VCS effectively to manage codebase.
- Conduct user research to understand user needs and goal.
- Design wireframes, prototypes, and mockups using tools such
as Sketch, Figma.
- Work closely with front end developers to implement user
interfaces that align with UX best practices.
- Work closely with UX/UI designers to translate design mockups
into interactive web experiences and define product
requirements and features.
- Stay current with industry trends and advancements in UX/UI
design.

Front-end Developer · Musqogee
Pagina 1 din 2

Noiembrie 2014 - Mai 2016 · 1 an 6 luni
- Writing clean, maintainable, and efficient code using HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript.
- Implementing responsive design principles to ensure that web
applications render well on various devices and screen sizes.
- Translating design mock‑ups and wireframes into functional
web pages.
- Optimizing web pages for maximum speed and scalability.
- Using version control systems (TortoiseSVN) effectively to
manage codebase.
- Collaborating with team members to explore different
approaches and techniques to achieve project goals.
- Contributing creative input to improve user experience and
interface design.
- ﻿Providing guidance and mentorship to junior developers to
foster their professional growth.

Front-end Developer · ThemeFuse
Octombrie 2012 - Februarie 2014 · 1 an 5 luni
- Create custom HTML Template for WordPress from scratch or
modify existing themes ( PSD to HTML).
- Ensure themes are responsive, have a consistent functionality
and appearance, and are compatible with different browsers and
devices.
- Layout of UI Templates (UI Kits).

Domeniul dorit
IT, Tech

Studii: Fără studii

CV disponibil pe adresa: https://cricova.rabota.md/ru/resume/it/428409

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

Pagina 2 din 2

